docs: Refactor the installation instructions for `s-nomp` (#7835)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: book/src/user/mining-testnet-s-nomp.md

    </details>

2. [Run Zebra](https://zebra.zfnd.org/user/run.html) with the config you created:
    ```sh
    zebrad -c zebrad.toml
    ```

> 3. Wait for Zebra to sync to the testnet tip. This takes 2-3 days on Mainnet at
>    the time of writing this manual.

Reviewer: I know the testnet sync time if that helps?

Also I usually put dates so we know when things should be updated. (And users know how outdated they are.)

```suggestion
3. Wait for Zebra to sync to the testnet tip. This takes 8-12 hours on testnet (or 2-3 days on mainnet) as of October 2023.
```

Author: Yea, that's much better. Thank you.

<details><summary>Arch-specific instructions</summary>

#### Install `s-nomp`

1. Install Redis, and development libraries required by S-nomp

    ```sh
    sudo pacman -S redis boost libsodium
    ```
    
2. Install `nvm`, Python 3.10 and `virtualenv`

    ```sh
    paru -S python310 nvm
    sudo pacman -S python-virtualenv
    ```

3. Start Redis
    ```sh
    sudo systemctl start redis
    ```

4. Clone the repository

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/s-nomp && cd s-nomp
   ```

> 5. Use Node 8.11:

Author: ```suggestion
5. Use Node 10:
```
